marketing@allaboutitpublishing.com
(832) 246 4303
Facebook Group

Do you have a topic you like us to discuss on the blog? Type your suggestions here!


Learn the art of becoming a master orator and never feel intimidated by the stage again.    

This guide will show you some tips and strategies to get over your fears and face your audience with confidence.

In 7 Strategies that Highly Effective People Use When They Speak, you’ll discover:

	Practical and actionable techniques to overcome stage fright and become a master orator

	Step-by-step guide on how to ace the art of public speaking

	Shocking facts about fear and anxiety – and what you can do about it, based on scientific research

Detailed insight into Glossophobia – and some actionable tips on how to tackle it

Comprehensive walkthrough on overcoming social anxiety in 7 easy steps

	How to gain command over gestures, expressions and other non-verbal elements of communication

	How to hook the audience within the first few minutes of your speech or presentation, and keep them intrigued until the end.

And so much more!


Never let procrastination, lack of motivation, or low energy stop you from achieving your dreams again!

The key to success isn’t binding yourself to the chair and forcing your mind to stay on track.

It’s about using the psychologically appropriate techniques to maximize your time, know your internal and external triggers, and develop a game plan you can actually follow.

In Focused to Finish, here is just a fraction of what you will discover:

	21 tactical steps you need to take to gain clarity about your goals, eliminate distractions, and get more done in less time

Psychologically proven strategies to maintain your attention and increase performance 

Why millionaires don’t use to-do lists -- find out how to schedule your time to prioritize work that saves you time, money, and energy

How to take breaks that lead to breakthroughs -- know what to do on your breaks to maintain productivity 

Goal-setting hacks to help you sustain momentum (even when you feel like you want to give up)

A boundaries blueprint to put an end to digital distractions and personal distractions, as well as how to say no to the wrong opportunities 

The ultimate guide to becoming the driven, goal-smashing, and successful individual you can be

And much more.


J.R. Brown has a Masters of Science in Human Services and a Bachelors of Social Work from the University of Mississippi.

• Lives in Upstate New York

• Former teacher, now entrepreneur with a successful business

• Used to work as a university lecturer in behavioral psychology

• Quit his profession as a teacher/lecturer to open his own business and run his private courses to help people transform their habits

• Has a strong desire to help people in today's ever-changing world by addressing issues about living and working in a fast-paced world while sustaining balance

control, and meaningful focus

• Helping you achieve laser-sharp focus is simple when you know what is distracting people and it's not always the obvious things

• J. R. Brown wants to shine a light on the things that we can control and the that we can't, so that we can focus on the things that matter



Do you have a topic you like us to discuss on the blog?
Type your suggestions here!



            